README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">👋 Hi, I'm Harsh Nema</h1>

<p align="center">
  <b>Passionate C++ Developer | Java Spring Boot Learner | Building for Gen AI</b><br>
  Solving one problem at a time — from data structures to intelligent systems 
</p>

---

### 💡 About Me
- 🎯 **C++ Developer** with a strong foundation in **DSA (300+ LeetCode problems solved)**
- 🌱 Currently learning **JavaScript** for **Generative AI** and **Java Spring Boot** for backend systems
- 💻 Love creating efficient solutions, clean architecture, and scalable backend systems
- 🧩 Exploring how AI can make code smarter, faster, and more human-like
- ⚡ Fun fact: I enjoy debugging more than coding sometimes — it’s like solving a mystery 🕵️‍♂️

---

### Tech Stack

**Languages:**  
`C++` · `Java` · `JavaScript` · `Python` (basics)

**Core Expertise:**  
`Data Structures` · `Algorithms` · `OOP` · `Problem Solving`

**Frameworks & Tools:**  
`Spring Boot` · `Node.js` · `Express.js` · `Git` · `GitHub` · `VS Code` · `Postman`

**Areas of Interest:**  
`AI & ML` · `Generative AI` · `Backend Systems` · `Software Design`

---

### 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img height="165" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=HarshNema&show_icons=true&theme=radical&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true" />
  <img height="165" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=HarshNema&layout=compact&theme=radical" />
</p>

---

### 🏆 Achievements

-  **300+ DSA problems** solved on [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/)  
-  Currently building full-stack skills (Java Spring Boot + JS for Gen AI)  
-  Exploring **Gen ai ** for next-gen intelligent systems  

---

###  Connect with Me

<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:harshnema456@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-red?style=flat&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/harshnema456/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&logo=linkedin" /></a>
  <a href="https://leetcode.com/your-leetcode-id/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LeetCode-orange?style=flat&logo=leetcode&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/HarshNema456"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-black?style=flat&logo=github" /></a>
</p>

---

### 🚀 Featured Projects

#### 🧠 **Astro-Ignis**
AI-powered mission assistant for autonomous spacecraft decision support  
**Tech:** javascript · Node.js · React · Trained models ~ using Javascript   
[🔗 View Repo](https://github.com/HarshNema456/Astro-Ignis)

#### 🌍 **Interactive Earth**
WebGL-based real-time planetary visualization interface  
**Tech:** React · Three.js · OpenAI APIs   
[🔗 View Repo](https://github.com/HarshNema456./satellite collesion)

---

### 🧭 My Current Learning Roadmap
```mermaid
graph TD
A[C++] --> B[DSA Mastery]
B --> C[Java Spring Boot Backend]
C --> D[JavaScript + Node.js]
D --> E[Generative AI Integration]

Commit message:

Revise Interactive Earth section in README
Updated project description and corrected typos in links.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">👋 Hi, I'm Harsh Nema</h1>

<p align="center">
  <b>Passionate C++ Developer | Java Spring Boot Learner | Building for Gen AI</b><br>
  Solving one problem at a time — from data structures to intelligent systems 
</p>

---

### 💡 About Me
- 🎯 **C++ Developer** with a strong foundation in **DSA (300+ LeetCode problems solved)**
- 🌱 Currently learning **JavaScript** for **Generative AI** and **Java Spring Boot** for backend systems
- 💻 Love creating efficient solutions, clean architecture, and scalable backend systems
- 🧩 Exploring how AI can make code smarter, faster, and more human-like
- ⚡ Fun fact: I enjoy debugging more than coding sometimes — it’s like solving a mystery 🕵️‍♂️

---

### Tech Stack

**Languages:**  
`C++` · `Java` · `JavaScript` · `Python` (basics)

**Core Expertise:**  
`Data Structures` · `Algorithms` · `OOP` · `Problem Solving`

**Frameworks & Tools:**  
`Spring Boot` · `Node.js` · `Express.js` · `Git` · `GitHub` · `VS Code` · `Postman`

**Areas of Interest:**  
`AI & ML` · `Generative AI` · `Backend Systems` · `Software Design`

---

### 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img height="165" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=HarshNema&show_icons=true&theme=radical&count_private=true&include_all_commits=true" />
  <img height="165" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=HarshNema&layout=compact&theme=radical" />
</p>

---

### 🏆 Achievements

-  **300+ DSA problems** solved on [LeetCode](https://leetcode.com/)  
-  Currently building full-stack skills (Java Spring Boot + JS for Gen AI)  
-  Exploring **Gen ai ** for next-gen intelligent systems  

---

###  Connect with Me

<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:harshnema456@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Email-red?style=flat&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/harshnema456/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&logo=linkedin" /></a>
  <a href="https://leetcode.com/your-leetcode-id/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LeetCode-orange?style=flat&logo=leetcode&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/HarshNema456"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-black?style=flat&logo=github" /></a>
</p>

---

### 🚀 Featured Projects

#### 🧠 **Astro-Ignis**
AI-powered mission assistant for autonomous spacecraft decision support  
**Tech:** javascript · Node.js · React · Trained models ~ using Javascript   
[🔗 View Repo](https://github.com/HarshNema456/Astro-Ignis)

#### 🌍 **Interactive system for prevent our stallities from collesion **
WebGL-based real-time planetary visualization interface  
**Tech:** React · Three.js · OpenAI APIs   
[🔗 View Repo](https://github.com/HarshNema456./satellitecollesion)

---

### 🧭 My Current Learning Roadmap
```mermaid
graph TD
A[C++] --> B[DSA Mastery]
B --> C[Java Spring Boot Backend]
C --> D[JavaScript + Node.js]
D --> E[Generative AI Integration]
